Fix returndata details (#909)
ethereum/yellowpaper: Paper.tex

$X$ is thus cycled (recursively here, but implementations are generally expected to use a simple iterative loop) until either \hyperlink{zhalt}{$Z$} becomes true indicating that the present state is exceptional and that the machine must be halted and any changes discarded or until \hyperlink{hhalt}{$H$} becomes a series (rather than the empty set) indicating that the machine has reached a controlled halt.

\subsubsection{Machine State}

> The machine state $\boldsymbol{\mu}$ is defined as the tuple $(g, pc, \mathbf{m}, i, \mathbf{o}, \mathbf{s})$ which are the gas available, the program counter $pc \in \mathbb{N}_{256}$ , the memory contents, the active number of words in memory (counting continuously from position 0), the returndata cache,and the stack contents. The memory contents $\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{m}}$ are a series of zeroes of size $2^{256}$.

Reviewer: It's a [buffer](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-211) not a [cache](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cache_(computing))

> The machine state $\boldsymbol{\mu}$ is defined as the tuple $(g, pc, \mathbf{m}, i, \mathbf{o}, \mathbf{s})$ which are the gas available, the program counter $pc \in \mathbb{N}_{256}$ , the memory contents, the active number of words in memory (counting continuously from position 0), the returndata cache, and the stack contents. The memory contents $\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{m}}$ are a series of zeroes of size $2^{256}$.

Reviewer 2: As previously said by @wjmelements it's a "buffer" and not a "cache", also I would suggest to put $\mathbf{o}$ at the end of the tuple $(g, pc, \mathbf{m}, i, \mathbf{s}, \mathbf{o})$ to keep the same order as in formulas 141 to 146.

![image](https://github.com/ethereum/yellowpaper/assets/5858657/2cbd8740-0828-4a42-a3fc-0582cf4a089c)

Here are the overall suggestions
```suggestion
The machine state $\boldsymbol{\mu}$ is defined as the tuple $(g, pc, \mathbf{m}, i, \mathbf{s}, \mathbf{o})$ which are the gas available, the program counter $pc \in \mathbb{N}_{256}$ , the memory contents, the active number of words in memory (counting continuously from position 0), the stack contents, and the returned data buffer. The memory contents $\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{m}}$ are a series of zeroes of size $2^{256}$.
```

> The machine state $\boldsymbol{\mu}$ is defined as the tuple $(g, pc, \mathbf{m}, i, \mathbf{s}, \mathbf{o})$ which are the gas available, the program counter $pc \in \mathbb{N}_{256}$ , the memory contents, the active number of words in memory (counting continuously from position 0), the stack contents, and the returndata cache. The memory contents $\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{m}}$ are a series of zeroes of size $2^{256}$.

Reviewer 2: You still forgot to rename "cache" into "buffer"

&&&& $\boldsymbol{\mu}'_{\mathbf{s}}[0] \equiv \lVert \boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{o}} \rVert$ \\
\midrule
0x3e & {\small RETURNDATACOPY} & 3 & 0 & Copy output data from the previous call to memory. \\
&&&& reverts if $\quad \boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{s}}[1] + \boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{s}}[2] > \lVert\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{o}}\rVert$\\
&&&& $\forall i \in \{ 0 \dots \boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{s}}[2] - 1\}: \boldsymbol{\mu}'_{\mathbf{m}}[\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{s}}[0] + i ] \equiv

> \boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{o}}[\boldsymbol{\mu}_{\mathbf{s}}[1] + i]$\\

Reviewer 2: I would suggest to revert those changes.
The `RETURNDATACOPY` behavior is correct and don't need to be fixed.
The *Exceptional Halting* function (9.4.2.) already handle the case where we try to read past the returned data buffer.

![image](https://github.com/ethereum/yellowpaper/assets/5858657/3cf45af3-36ca-4510-a634-47a571e3baa8)

Author: I would still argue for altering the retiurndatacopy because it is a bit odd to include a case that will not happen,

what do you think about removing this line and keep the other alterations
![image](https://github.com/ethereum/yellowpaper/assets/28443115/59580e30-8444-47c0-a28a-b4cf886bc10d)

Reviewer 2: The case where we read outside of the returned data buffer should never happen (because $Z$ is executed beforehand).
It was only described for completeness and that's why we should leave it as is imo. It also guarantee this property (exception should be caught beforehand)

![image](https://github.com/ethereum/yellowpaper/assets/5858657/33e02d4a-07ce-49cd-8a2f-3c108e528a6a)
